---
title: AGPLv3 License Q&A
linkTitle: AGPLv3 License Q&A
---
The following Q&A is designed to help you understand your rights when using AGPLv3 licensed ZL Audio plugins. For specific legal advice regarding copyright or licensing compliance, please read [AGPLv3](https://opensource.org/license/agpl-v3) carefully and consult a qualified legal professional.

**Q: Does the AGPL license affect the copyright of the music I create?**

> **No**. The AGPLv3 covers the software code, not the media output generated by the software. 

**Q: Do I need to credit the plugin in my liner notes or track credits?**

> **No**. It is not legally required by the license, but we always appreciate the shout-out!

**Q: Can I use this plugin in a proprietary DAW (such as Ableton Live, FL Studio, Logic Pro, Reaper)?**

> **Yes**. Loading this plugin into a standard DAW for the purpose of making music is considered standard usage. It does not force your DAW to become open source.

**Q: Can I use this plugin in a commercial studio or for client work?**

> **Yes**. You can use this plugin to mix, master, or compose for any work.

**Q: Does the plugins come with a warrant?**

> **No.**  This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU Affero General Public License for more details.

**Q: Can I modify the plugin's DSP code or UI?**

> **Yes**. You are encouraged to do so! You can obtain the source code from the link provided in the installation page, which should also include building instructions in README.

**Q: Can I send my modified version of the plugin to a friend?**

> **Yes if you follow AGPLv3**. Please notice that the logos of ZL Audio and plugins are not covered by the license. Therefore, you need to replace them.

**Q: Can I build & distribute a new commercial plugin based on the AGPLv3 code?**

> **Yes if you follow AGPLv3**. If you do need to distribute a closed-source product, please contact [zl.audio@outlook.com](mailto:zl.audio@outlook.com) for a license fee.